# Chrisco: The exploration of data was into the daily visitors of Chrisco that have different venues and several other summary data such as its venue age, venue distance, venue duration, venue gender, venue spend, and venue daily visitors.
Chrisco has 40 venues, of which the highest venue is 4, the medium visit is 8, and the rest has the lowest visit. However, the medium venue can be segmented into 2, where the first 4 have a close number of visits and the second 4 have another close number of visits. The lowest venue visit can further be segmented into three, whereby the last 7 are new venues that were opened for the year.
Taking a better exploration into the 4 high venue visits using the line plot, it is revealed that the 4 venues have a close visit but the highest is SJU, and at some point, this venue dropped below other venue visits in the month of July, precisely 2019-07-06 at a value of 195 (see fig. 7). Though PXI is the lowest of the 4 high venue visits it dropped below the usual on 2019-01-26 with a value of 117 (see fig. 7).
Further exploring the data is to look at likely correlations between venues. After plotting the scatter plot and heatmap of both high and medium volume venues, there is a lot of positive correlation between venues however to determine the strong positive correlation the Pearson coefficient greater than 0.9 is considered, which are BEY vs QRY, RDA vs QRY, SPF vs QRY, and CQC vs QRY. However, the interactive visualization showing a heatmap of time-series correlations between all pages, determines that BEY vs QRY is the strongest positive correlation of all the venues (see fig. 8). This further means that the strongest correlation is not determined by which venue has the highest individual customer visits. The
Chrisco has summary data earlier stated. An exploration of the data the relationships shows that there is a strong positive correlation between venue daily visitors and venue distance (see fig. 6).
